---
title: ECOM Meeting - 10/26/2025
date: 10/26/2025
participants:
  - Rafael Cenzano (President)
  - Ken Bienstock (Vice President)
  - Dave Nagy (Secretary-Treasurer)
  - Dave Roggenkamp (Extension Chair)
  - Sara Seelman (Member at Large)
  - Hannah Nardini (Chapter President)
tags:
  - ecom meeting
---

## Officer Reports

### President:

- Seamus has helped us create a new website that is up and running and is easy to use to upload new content

### Vice President:

- Details on the 80th discussed later in the meeting

### Secretary-Treasurer:

- No updates since last meeting

### Extension Chair:

- No updates since last meeting

### Member at Large:

- No updates, first meeting

## New Business

### 80th Planning

The group discussed securing the Grand Ballroom at the Hilton Garden Inn for the 80th anniversary event in April 2027. Ken reported that he had contacted Dawn and Brian about making the hold official, which requires a purchase order and deposit. The ECOM formally approved the event dates of April 9-11, 2027, with Ken making the motion and David seconding it. Committees for events, projects, and alumni outreach were used in the 75th and will be remade for the 80th planning.

### Communication Improvements

The group discussed updates on various initiatives, including the chapter newsletter, which now has 440 subscribers after adding new alumni. Dave R. mentioned a new self-subscription likely through the new website. The group plans to send fewer bursts of emails instead opting for more comprehensive emails to reduce unsubscribe rates and make communications more effective.

### National Convention Plans

For nationals, three active brothers have expressed interest in attending, and the chapter is organizing a grilled cheese fundraiser on Wednesday to raise money for their travel. Final costs will be calculated and communicated to the ECOM to set a goal for fundraising to support the 3 brothers attending the conference. Registration costs $320 for voting delegates and $330 for non-voting delegates, not including travel, hotel, or food expenses. The hope is to gain some support from alumni willing to help on this short term need from the chapter while endowment efforts are underway.

### Chapter Endowment

The endowment currently has $10,000 pledged from the chapter and $6,000 in donations from alumni towards a $50,000 goal, with plans to reach out to top donors for outreach support and increase awareness. A draft letter combining information about both the endowment and gift fund is ready to be sent out.

### Event Planning

They planned a virtual event in Gather Town for early next year, tentatively scheduled for 8pm Eastern, and agreed to organize a dinner for EZ alumni and active members during the national convention. More event planning will be discussed in future meetings.

### Next ECOM Meeting

The group decided to hold their next meeting on Thursday, December 4th at 7pm. The meetings will now be open to any alumni to view that have an interest, contact Rafael for meeting details.
