---
title: We're celebrating online this year!
date: 09/20/2020
author: Lea Thompson
tags:
  - anniversaries
---

Even though we can’t gather in person this year, the Epsilon Zeta Alumni Association still has plenty to celebrate after 73 years of APO at RPI. We hope you will join us for a virtual celebration on **Saturday, October 24**. 

We plan to host several activities throughout the day, including a service project to reach out to alumni we have lost contact with and a fun dive through our photo archive to keep the stories of our chapter alive. Current brothers are also invited to attend, and we encourage you to make plans for roomtalks and to keep the conversations going!

[RSVP for Reunion](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScMIxU36BsxHJNVYWY8JuEZShzD0T0537QS_BHMWtkwMPU3cQ/viewform)

**EZAA’s annual meeting and elections will be held the following weekend, Sunday, November 1, at 2 p.m. eastern time.** Please note that November 1 also marks the end of daylight saving time, so be sure to adjust your clocks as needed. 

If you are interested in attending, please RSVP below. You can also nominate yourself or others for any office using the same form. Nominees must accept their nomination before they are eligible to run, but are not required to attend the meeting. 

[RSVP and Nominate Officers](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeo7iDreIOHFqVbo_iNWcAho9LP3uFoRo_AZkW3Y_kkhcuGMg/viewform)

Further details for both the anniversary celebration and the annual meeting will be announced shortly, so please save these dates and check this website or [join our email list](https://mailchi.mp/8337b0c98e87/ezaa-subscribe) to receive updated information as it becomes available.

We hope to see you there!
